feat(python): add EKS example (#560)
aws-samples/aws-cdk-examples: python/eks/cluster/README.md

# Create an EKS cluster and a node group in a new VPC

This example includes:

* Own VPC with public and private subnets
* EKS cluster with node group
* Manually management auto scaling group attached to a node group

## Useful commands

>  * `cdk bootstrap`   initialize assets before deploy
>  * `cdk synth`       emits the synthesized CloudFormation template
>  * `cdk deploy`      deploy this stack to your default AWS account/region

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `cdk ls`          list all stacks in the app
 * `cdk synth`       emits the synthesized CloudFormation template
 * `cdk deploy`      deploy this stack to your default AWS account/region
 * `cdk diff`        compare deployed stack with current state
 * `cdk docs`        open CDK documentation
```

Copied from another project README. For consistency
